README.md, before:

The site uses the [Lektor](https://www.getlektor.com/) static site
generator.

## Installation and Usage

After cloning the repository, install the prerequisites:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Start the live development server:

```
lektor server
```

Browse to the reported URL.

Edit the files and see the results in the browser.
Don't use the admin panel (the pencil button) if you're not
familiar with lektor.

When you're done, push your changes and Travis will automatically
build and deploy the site. If you don't want to trigger a build
include the text `[skip ci]` on a separate line in the commit message.

## Content

The site content is under the `content` directory. There is
one directory per page. The content of the page is placed
into the `contents.lr` file in the corresponding directory.

News items have to be placed into the `news` directory.
Just copy an existing news item and edit the `contents.lr`
file of the new item.

The `ecosystem` page consists of `project` elements.
To add a new project copy an existing project and
edit the `contents.lr` file.

## Style

The site uses a customized version
of the [Bulma](https://bulma.io/) framework.
The variables to set and the style overrides
are in the `theme/sass` directory. If you change something,
rebuild the CSS file:

```
sass --sourcemap=none theme/sass/imdbpy.scss:assets/static/imdbpy.css
```

## Content Modeling

Fields of content types (like news items and projects)
are stored in `.ini` files under the `models` directory.

For each content type, there has to be a template
under the `templates` directory.

Templates can use data which is stored in `.json`
files under the `databags` directory.

Commit message:

Add lektor deploy command
[skip ci]

README.md, after:

The site uses the [Lektor](https://www.getlektor.com/) static site
generator.

## Installation and Usage

After cloning the repository, install the prerequisites:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Start the live development server:

```
lektor server
```

Browse to the reported URL.

Edit the files and see the results in the browser.
Don't use the admin panel (the pencil button) if you're not
familiar with lektor.

When you're done, push your changes and Travis will automatically
build and deploy the site. If you don't want to trigger a build
include the text `[skip ci]` on a separate line in the commit message.

To deploy manually, run the command:

```
lektor deploy
```

## Content

The site content is under the `content` directory. There is
one directory per page. The content of the page is placed
into the `contents.lr` file in the corresponding directory.

News items have to be placed into the `news` directory.
Just copy an existing news item and edit the `contents.lr`
file of the new item.

The `ecosystem` page consists of `project` elements.
To add a new project copy an existing project and
edit the `contents.lr` file.

## Style

The site uses a customized version
of the [Bulma](https://bulma.io/) framework.
The variables to set and the style overrides
are in the `theme/sass` directory. If you change something,
rebuild the CSS file:

```
sass --sourcemap=none theme/sass/imdbpy.scss:assets/static/imdbpy.css
```

## Content Modeling

Fields of content types (like news items and projects)
are stored in `.ini` files under the `models` directory.

For each content type, there has to be a template
under the `templates` directory.

Templates can use data which is stored in `.json`
files under the `databags` directory.
